[Music]
GMTV got the latest hottest gadgets
unboxing videos and reviews on
electronics and consumer equipment that
you need to know about and sponsored by
hint just the right hint of flavor in
that hinge hey what's up guys
Sam here tech tips TV with another
review that you need to see so guys
basically when you're looking at audio
equipment when you're looking at PEG
phones when you're looking at you know
basically when you're looking at
headphones when you're looking at audio
equipment when you're looking at
speakers the way that you know something
is good is it's got a lot of bass okay
bass is a deeper tone it costs more
money treble is more like I think that's
more like coins
okay bass is more like folding of money
and that's how you know that it costs
more okay here's a tip that I that I
always tell audiophiles who are first
getting into you know rare vinyl
collections and things like that you
know rare collections stuff like that
you want to know just quick and cheat
sheet type hint
music good audio quality listen for the
bass okay if it's got thunderous
thinking bass then you know it's good
also second thing I say is go for size
always go for size if it's big if it's
clunky if it's heavy that means good
audio quality you essentially want to
have headphones that look like big tits
off the side of your head like this okay
check it out guys these headphones right
here size big bass Sirians these things
put out serious space they got woofers
in here big-ass ones these headphones
were $12 on Amazon that's how you know
they're good very high-end Sennheiser
Bang & Olufsen whatever okay these are
right there with it in terms of audio
quality and I just got a new this is the
new review I wanted to do for you guys
Altec Lansing speakers
check it out guys pretty cool brand new
from Altec Lansing 2017 new model very
cool speakers very good and I know
they're good because the base is so wham
so hit me the bases hit with me and
that's how I know that they're high
quality however the base is a little bit
almost overpowered I don't want to say
overpowering I want to say confident
that the court may see who these
abhorrent moneygrab scheme did you can
change the quality is so high the
quality is very high but it's got almost
too much space I think I might have
sensitive ears because my friend is an
audiophile he's a german guy he wears a
turtleneck and he has an old transistor
tube headphone set and he's in he spends
hundreds of thousands of dollars on
audio equipment and i asked him his
opinion and he said he sounds great he's
amazing it's a very high quality high
quality that must have sensitive ears I
must have tinnitus because it's almost
like there's too much based on yeah a
little bit people stay on forever
now there's also clothes things thing
about these is because they're designed
by engineers Altec Lansing engineers who
know what good base is they don't have
even three any sort of base controls on
here no based controls guys on the
subwoofer nothing on the back so they
don't have controls and I looked into
this and a friend of mine is an audio
engineer said that it's actually the
because the switch turn making a dial
that adjusts the base is actually really
expensive it's something you only see on
you know very high-end two thousand
three thousand dollar pieces of
equipment because that switch that
actually dials the base in is actually
very expensive with a copper that's used
in that is a lot so these piece were
something like 250 or something like
that and they really it at that price
point you don't get us you don't get a
switch you don't get a base switch
that's what I thought that's what I
thought but it's actually but actually
what the case is the base which is
actually foot activated it's right here
see
[Music]
it's actually foot-activated